
Filters:

    For any abstraction (a,b), 
    <delta> = a - b, and 
    ((a,b),<delta>) is an abstraction.

    Then (<delta>, 0) can be used as a "filter".

    This implies that filters are obtainable within this theory.
    They might be useful for the purposes of explicitly mapping 
    all data to something, rather than passively 'forgetting' it.

    However, use of filters blindly would not be intelligent, and therefore,
    would not be useful (nor expected) within this theory.

    Simultaneously, however, the ability to say, 
    "No" is the genesis of individuality;
    in a nontrivial sense, the overaching purpose of the activities of
    the mind is to say "no" intelligently.
    Thereby, the human mind can be viewed as an intelligent filter
    (though the usefulness of this is dubious).

Emotions:
    Rather than assuming them to be an "undefined primitive," 
    in this development I expect them to be thoughts about oneself.

    For instance, we can associate fear with the thought of losing oneself.
    Hate -> Desire/Proclivity to change
    Love -> Could never hate

Memory:
    A notable quality of memory is that one does not remember remembering.
    Doing so would generate new memories, rather than reinforcing old ones.
    As such, I expect this to be modeled (here) as a high-level-though-still-
    rudimentary pattern of thought.

Orders:
    Structure of a THOUGHT, _not_ an abstraction.

    Higher order -> Greater simplification
        (but threatens to oversimplify) 

    It is possible to oversimplify by discarding the structure of the
        abstraction. 
        This is the genesis of psychology, for instance. 

Object:
    It might be possible (then again, it might also be superfluous)
    to describe mathematical "objects" within this theory:

    An idea A such that A=A

    Intuitvely, this is intended to ensure that the idea does not change.

Organization:
    The tendency of an intellect to become a container of information.
    "Coherency"

This-is-a-that:
    The first stage of organization: Definition-building
    (Intuitively named)

Intelligence:
    The efficacy with which an intellect resolves conflict
        -> Define Conflict
        -> Define Efficacy

Belief:
    """
    Definition:
    A belief is an abstraction present in the argument of an abstraction.
    """

Model:
    """
    A model is to thought what a mneumonic is to memory.

    Definition:
    A model is an abstraction which supports metathought
    """
